Codewars success criteria amendments (#1699)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf-itp/content/data-groups/success/index.md

1. Make a new issue on your own Coursework Planner.
   - Follow this template for naming your issue: `<COHORT_NAME> | Data groups | <YOUR_NAME>`
1. On the issue, add:

>    - Evidence that you have completed **at least 12 katas** from across the Data Groups CodeWars Collections for [sprint 1](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/Module-Data-Groups/issues/936), [sprint 2](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/Module-Data-Groups/issues/937), [sprint 3](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/Module-Data-Groups/issues/938), and stretch katas if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Evidence that you have completed **all katas** from across the Data Groups CodeWars Collections for [sprint 1](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/Module-Data-Groups/issues/936), [sprint 2](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/Module-Data-Groups/issues/937), and [sprint 3](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/Module-Data-Groups/issues/938).
```
